mcuboot: cmake: Fix signing in case of Direct-XIP image mismatch check (#10916)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

The following list summarizes both the main changes inherited from upstream MCUboot and the main changes applied to the |NCS| specific additions:

> * Added support for the downgrade prevention feature using hardware security counters (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HARDWARE_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION`).
> * Added encoding of the image start address into the header (using imgtool's ``--rom-fixed`` argument) when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOT_BUILD_DIRECT_XIP_VARIANT` Kconfig option is enabled.
>   If the currently running application also has the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_GRP_IMG_REJECT_DIRECT_XIP_MISMATCHED_SLOT` Kconfig option enabled, the MCUmgr will reject application image updates signed without the start address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:

  * Support for the downgrade prevention feature using hardware security counters (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HARDWARE_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION`).
  * Encoding of the image start address into the header when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOT_BUILD_DIRECT_XIP_VARIANT` Kconfig option is enabled. 
    The encoding is done using the ``--rom-fixed`` argument of the :file:`imgtool.py` script.
    If the currently running application also has the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_GRP_IMG_REJECT_DIRECT_XIP_MISMATCHED_SLOT` Kconfig option enabled, the MCUmgr will reject application image updates signed without the start address.
```

Reshuffled a bit, please let me know if the meaning of the 2nd bullet point is affected.

Author: Looks fine, thanks
